ASH
Whoa. Check it out!
I know. Let's take a break here.
Yeah, good idea.
[AGREEMENT]
Hey, wait!
[laughter]
[EXCITED]
Yes! Okay. Everybody out!
[APPEARING]
It's time for a swim!
‐ And that includes you!
‐ Ha ha!
[APPEARING]
ASH Everybody, I want you all
to meet my new friend, Goomy
who's gonna be traveling
with us! Say hi!
[HAPPY]/[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
[SCARED]
CHESPIN/PANCHAM
[REASSURING]
Ha‐ha! Be careful, you two.
Watch for Goomy's horns
they're actually
quite sensitive.
[AGREEMENT]
DEDENNE
[FRIENDLY]
GOOMY
[FRIGHTENED]
Dedenne still freaks Goomy out.
Dragon types are weak
against Fairy‐type moves
but maybe something else
is going on.
I really wish you and Dedenne
could become friends.
[SCARED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only
one way to tell the story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
BONNIE
"One for the Goomy!"
NARRATOR During their journey
to Coumarine City, our heroes
have found a lovely setting
for a little rest
and relaxation.
[EXCITED]
[PANICKED]
HAWLUCHA
[AMUSED]
[laughter]
[HAPPY]
[SURPRISED]
[gasping]
What's going on?
[PANICKED]/[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]
‐ Oh, Pikachu!
‐ Chespin!
‐ What's happening?
‐ Prepare for trouble.
We're happening, of course!
Your number‐one cause
of Twerpish remorse.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love!
While you wait below,
we swoop in from above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
JAMES Surrender now or prepare
for one cagey fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH
Team Rocket!
[Team Rocket snickering]
Nothing succeeds like success!
When it comes to conjuring up
traps, I'm the best!
JAMES 'I helped the conjuring,
you know.'
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
'Kay, Inkay,
stop them with Psybeam!
[APPEARING]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[IMPACT]
Chespin, Pin Missile, go!
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
JESSIE
'Wobbuffet, now!'
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
Now, give them another Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[squealing]
[ANGRY]
Lotad and Lombre!
[ATTACK]
[gasping]
CLEMONT
I have the feeling we might've
stumbled upon the Lombre's home!
JESSIE
What are they doing?
TEAM ROCKET
Whoa!
[PANICKED]
[screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES
A balloon blast off!
[HAPPY]
‐ 'Kay. Let's get moving!
‐ Hurry, everybody!
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
[panting]
Whoa. That was too close.
Is everyone okay?
Wait. Where's Ash?
Yeah. And where's Clemont?
Huh? Uh‐oh!
‐ 'Meowth?'
‐ 'Twerpette?'
‐ What are you doing here, huh?
Hmph! It's your fault!
You got us into this
yucky situation, remember?
'Kay, my bad.
I take full responsibility.
I'll hang out with you guys
and do everything I can
to help you find your buddies.
[thinking] And when they do come
back, we'll grab every last
Twerp Pokémon
we can catch and carry.
Then we'll use all of them
as bait to catch Pikachu!
Uh‐huh..
Hey, I'm serious!
I've got a strong sense
of responsibility!
We need to find Ash and Clemont
as quick as we can!
‐ Hmm!
‐ Let's hurry!
[AGREEMENT]
[Clemont gasping]
[Ash sighs]
‐ How is everyone?
‐ Uh?
Bonnie? She's not here.
Serena's not either!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
[grunts]
We've gotta find them!
Alright. Frogadier
and Hawlucha, return!
Okay. Chespin and Luxio,
you return, too!
Fletchinder, go look for Serena
and Bonnie from the air!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CURIOUS]/[CONCERNED]
Fletchinder will find them both.
‐ Don't worry.
‐ 'Kay, let's go!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Come on. Where is Meowth?
Should we go into search mode?
I don't think we have a choice.
GOOMY
[TIRED]
PANCHAM
[CURIOUS]
Goomy, what's wrong?
Maybe Goomy's hungry.
Hey! It wasn't walking,
so what's its problem?
I'll go and find it
some leaves to eat.
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE
Okay.
So you mean
it eats leaves off a tree?
Uh‐huh.
PANCHAM
[CONCERNED]
GOOMY
[TIRED]/[EATING]
[HAPPY]
PANCHAM
[ANNOYED]/[SELFISH]
GOOMY
[DISAPPOINTED]
BONNIE
'I found some!'
DEDENNE
[HAPPY]
GOOMY
[SCARED]/[UNHAPPY]
Whoa. Goomy's saying Dedenne
freaks it out big time.
Wait. Dedenne's really nice,
you know.
[AGREEMENT]
I wish we could do something
to help those two get along..
Me too.
[DEJECTED]
ASH
'Serena! Where are you?'
CLEMONT Bonnie, say something
so I know where you are.
[CALLING]
PIKACHU/FENNEKIN
[EXCITED]/[SURPRISED]
‐ Huh?
[EXERTION]
You're sending that electricity
out to Dedenne, aren't you?
[AGREEMENT]
Awesome! Great idea!
[SURPRISED]
Dedenne?
Dedenne, did you
feel something?
Must've been
Pikachu's electricity.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
Did you get an answer back
from Dedenne, Pikachu?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXCITED]
[thinking] Oy vey, if the Twerps
and their Pokémon
have a reunion out here,
our plan is completely kaput.
Eureka!
You know, pal?
You're such a cutie pie.
DEDENNE
[ATTACK]
MEOWTH
[PAINED]
‐ 'Uh‐oh!'
‐ What are you doing?
I translate electricity too.
Wow, you do?
[thinking] Those dopes
will believe anything.
So now what?
This way. Follow me.
DEDENNE
[ANNOYED]/[SUSPICIOUS]
Yeah, Dedenne agrees with me
that it's this way, too!
Yay! That's great!
[panting]
[SURPRISED]
I don't see them anywhere.
Then where are they?
[CONFUSED]
PANCHAM
[ANGRY]
Hey, Pancham
would appreciate it
if you'd stop messing
with its ear.
PANCHAM
[AGITATED]
While you're at it, stop
munching on the sunglasses.
See, they were
a gift from Serena.
Incredible.
With you here, we know exactly
what our Pokémon are saying.
Hey, how do you know
how to talk like people too?
Now, there's
a most excellent question.
But the answer to that question
is a long story. First‐‐
Why don't we
just drop it instead?
But why did you even ask me
in the first place?
‐ Hah!
‐ Huh?
INKAY
[SURPRISED]
‐ That was Inkay!
‐ And that means..
‐ Hey.
SERENA
Team Rocket!
‐ Yes, in the flesh.
‐ What took you so long? Yay!
‐ Huh?
So where have you been,
you little scamp?
We're wondering
what took you so long.
Although it appears
you've got a present for us.
JAMES 'Pancham, Goomy and
Dedenne. Twerpettes to boot.'
And separated from
the other Twerps as well.
MEOWTH Now's our chance
for a little Pokémon pickin'.
You tricked us!
You were lying!
Wow, if you believed
my malarkey
then I've got
a bridge to sell you.
Huh? Huh?
Bonnie, I think
you'd better step back.
Ooh, the brave Twerpette
goes solo.
Brave but foolhardy.
You don't stand a chance
without Pikachu protection.
I'm not gonna let you
attack my friends.
Now, Pancham, you ready to go?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
PANCHAM/GOOMY
[SURPRISED]
[EXERTION]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Lotad.
LOTAD
[EXERTION]
Shadow Ball, go!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Pancham, dodge!
[EXERTION]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pancham, are you okay?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Good. Stone Edge!
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
PUMPKABOO
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
SERENA
Way to go, Pancham!
BONNIE
Looking great, Pancham!
JESSIE
Ah!
Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Dodge it, now!
[EXERTION]
Inkay, Tackle!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Are you alright?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Bring the curtain down
on this sham with Shadow Ball.
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
[PAINED]
Pancham, no!
[WORRIED]
[SCARED]
[ANGRY]
SERENA
You can do it, Pancham.
JESSIE How can shorty
still be standing?
Now, Pancham.
Show them your Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
‐ Oh, no! Inkay!
‐ Way to go!
‐ Yeah!
‐ Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
Pancham, you've gotta
hang in there.
[CONFUSED]
Oh, no, you're confused.
I hate to break the news
but you can't win a battle
all by your lonesome.
[ANGRY]
Dedenne!
PANCHAM/DEDENNE
[CONFUSED]/[EXERTION]
[FOCUSED]
[GRATEFUL]
[HAPPY]
Pancham, you're alright!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[DETERMINED]
No. And things
were going so wonderfully.
But the outcome
will still be the same.
Alright, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
[WORRIED]
[SCARED]/[UNHAPPY]
Dedenne, use Thunder Shock!
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Ha‐ha!
‐ Alright, Pancham, Arm Thrust!
[ARM THRUST MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
Now, Dedenne, use Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
Pancham, use Stone Edge!
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Dedenne, Nuzzle!
[NUZZLE MOVE]
[IMPACT]
‐ Pumpkaboo!
‐ That's showing them, Dedenne!
Let's go, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
[gasps]
‐ Zip
‐ Zero
MEOWTH
Nada. Ta‐ta.
WOBBUFFET
[AGREEMENT]
You did it, Serena.
Thanks, Bonnie, but we did it.
How are you doing, Goomy?
Hey, where's Goomy?
It was just here a minute ago.
Goomy! Come out!
Where are you?
[CONCERNED]/[THOUGHTFUL]
What's that?
I think they're Goomy's tracks.
Let's follow them
and find Goomy.
[AGREEMENT]
[CONFIDENT]
Dedenne's gonna find Goomy,
no doubt.
Thank you very much, Dedenne.
[EXERTION]
Poor Goomy.
It couldn't have gone
that far by now.
DEDENNE
[CALLING]
Huh?
[EXCITED]
BONNIE
Huh? In that little place?
SERENA
Goomy's body is really soft.
[AGREEMENT]
Dedenne?
[CONFIDENT]/[EXERTION]
Good luck.
DEDENNE
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
[THUNDER SHOCK MOVE]
[FEARFUL]
[TIRED]
[grumbling]
We've somehow got
to grab the Twerps' Pokémon
before they reunite.
We will. No Twerp gets
one over on me three times!
[AGREEMENT]
Ugh. We need a plan.
Right now they're probably..
Ugh?
Gross! I just sat
on something slimy!
JAMES
'Ew! Hey, is that the Twerp's..'
[SCARED]
‐ Why, you slimeball.
‐ Quit being so slick!
[AGREEMENT]
JESSIE
'Wait'.
JAMES
'Stop'.
[CALLING]
We're down here!
Go tell Ash and Clemont!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[EXERTION]
SERENA
Ash! Clemont!
Serena! Bonnie!
Are you okay?
‐ Yeah!
‐ Everybody here is just fine.
Oh! Thank goodness.
[HAPPY]
I'm so glad you're okay too,
Fennekin.
I'm really sorry, Ash.
But somehow, we got
separated from Goomy.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's not Serena's fault!
Serena battled really,
really hard against Team Rocket
to protect us, and that's
about the time Goomy ran off.
[AGREEMENT]
Wow, so Serena protected you?
I can't thank you enough!
I'm guessing
Goomy ran off like that
because it was really scared.
[AGREEMENT]
So let's all search for Goomy.
Now!
Dedenne went inside
some rocks looking for it.
Whoa, really?
Fletchinder, go search
the area by those rocks!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[PAINED]/[STRUGGLING]
JAMES
Hmm. Here!
'Goomy can eventually
evolve into a Goodra.'
A Goodra.
Well, what do you know?
Perhaps we could make
good use out of it.
Looks powerful!
So while we're here,
we'll make the catch.
Then Pikachu, natch.
[AGREEMENT]
[UNHAPPY]
Quit squirming,
you slime sack! Oh!
Pumpkaboo, let's calm
down that bag of nerves.
With Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
GOOMY
[PAINED]
What? No counter attack?
Well, I've heard Goomy's
the weakest
of all Dragon‐type Pokémon.
[angry]
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
Huh? Oh!
What's with the downpour?
Goomy's Rain Dance!
It takes forever
to blow‐dry all of this hair!
You are going
to pay dearly for this.
Now, Pumpkaboo,
use Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
DEDENNE
[DEFLECTING]
[ANGRY]
JESSIE
Who's that?
MEOWTH
The Pokémon who hangs
with the little Twerpette!
Then perhaps
we should pick a pair.
Which will plop
Pikachu into our laps!
Okay, Inkay, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
DEDENNE
[SHOCKED]
GOOMY
[SCARED]
[ATTACK]
Take care of that pest.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[MIRROR COAT MOVE]
[IMPACT]
GOOMY
[WORRIED]
Alright. Goomy first! Ha!
DEDENNE
[ATTACK]
Arrgh! Enough already!
Use Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
GOOMY
[CONCERNED]
DEDENNE
[DETERMINED]
Use Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
DEDENNE/GOOMY
[STRUGGLING]/[WORRIED]
[GRATEFUL]
Shadow Ball again!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[TIRED]
Time for the last chorus!
Pumpkaboo, Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Huh? Since when did you
become brave?
Inkay, Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
[PAINED]/[ANGRY]
[RAIN DANCE MOVE]
[Team Rocket gasping]
[CALLING]
[Clemont panting]
Fletchinder, did you find them?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT
'That cloud..'
Huh. Return, Fletchinder,
and thanks!
'Kay, let's hurry!
So Goomy's quite an
accomplished slimy rainmaker.
[CONCERNED]
But this time,
we're not gonna miss!
[SCARED]
And, go!
[BRACING]
PIKACHU
[ATTACK]
‐ Come on.
‐ Ah!
BONNIE
'Dedenne!'
It's alright, Goomy.
Now, you leave the rest to us.
JESSIE
We'll see about that, Twerp.
JAMES Hand over Pikachu
and no one gets hurt!
Bunnelby, Mud Shot. Let's do it!
[MUD SHOT MOVE]
INKAY
[PAINED]
Pancham, Stone Edge!
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Alright, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
[FEARFUL]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET/PUMPKABOO/INKAY
[AGREEMENT]
Dedenne. Hang in there.
Is it okay?
[WORRIED]
You don't have to worry one bit.
I'll fix Dedenne right up.
Thank you, big brother.
Hmm.
DEDENNE
[CURIOUS]
[HAPPY]
Looks like you're
feeling better.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yay! Dedenne's fine!
Dedenne's fine!
I'm so relieved!
GOOMY/DEDENNE
[HAPPY]
7What do you know? Goomy
isn't afraid of Dedenne anymore.
Yeah, and that's because they've
turned into best buddies!
I wonder what could've happened.
Well, whatever happened,
it's awesome!
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
Don't do that, please!
[PLEASED]
NARRATOR
Thanks to the bravery
of two small
but courageous Pokémon
our heroes are out of trouble
and soon to be back on the road
to Coumarine City,
as the journey continues!
[theme music]